Q1 When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When working along with other people,or work from different computers.

Q2 Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
As the git allows us to commit changes when we want, we might want to make every change logical, which means there won't be commits that comtains things we don't want, or on half way.

Q3 Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?
"fork" is a copy from gitHub to our own GitHub, we use it when we need others repository on GitHub as our reference, and we would like to modify it;
"clone" is a copy to our own local repository, we usually use it when we want to modify it.
"branch "is a sery of commits that represent certain project,including the master. We create a new branch it when we want to try stuff that want affect the master branch right alongside.

Q4 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It let us know what have we done so far compare to the remote repository. It works also as a reminder of updating, especially working collectively.

Q5 How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?
With google drives, and the collaboration need to be communicate beforehand precisely, or else we might work on the same object, and have a conflict, and need to rewrite it afterwards.
If the project can be easily seperated into parts for different person, it would be easier to work without GitHub. If not, as like most of the projects, Git is easier.

Q6 When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?
When we want to have different features that don't want to affect to master branch.
And as in fork, or GitHub, we need to make sure the owner of this repository, or people we collaborate with, agrees with this change.
If not, it is not the situations mentioned above, it would be more simple to make changes directly in master. 
